Add User Guide section for Batch & Range commands (#88)
AY2122S2-CS2103-W17-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

* `importcsv n/2`
  * Reads from CSV treating the 2nd row as names, 3rd row as phone numbers, 4th row as email address, 5th row as tagged.

### Archiving data files `[coming in v2.0]`

_Details coming soon ..._

> ###Extension on Find contact: `find` `t/`

Reviewer: You should combine this with the find command above in the user guide.
Also note the spacing of the colon (should match the other headers in this file).

Reviewer 2: Note trailing ### too

Locates persons by different search types

> Format: `t/SEARCH_TYPE k/KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]`

Reviewer: This is missing the command word

Reviewer: I suggest adding on to the existing command, that is,
```suggestion
Format: `find KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS] [t/SEARCH_TYPE]`
```

* The search is case-insensitive. e.g. hans will match Hans
* The order of the keywords does not matter. e.g. Hans Bo will match Bo Hans

> * `SEARCH_TYPE` must match one of the following:
>   * Name
>   * Address
>   * Phone
>   * Email

Reviewer: We should make this an optional field, and default to search by name if not specified.
```suggestion
* `SEARCH_TYPE` must match one of the following:
  * Name
  * Address
  * Phone
  * Email
* If `SEARCH_TYPE` is not specified, default search type is by `Name`.
```

* Persons matching at least one keyword will be returned

Examples:
* `find t/Address k/Garden`

>     * Lists all contact with address contains keyword “Garden”

Reviewer: Note the quote, use the standard one. I noticed this in multiple places.
```suggestion
    * Lists all contact with address contains keyword "Garden"
```

* `find t/Phone k/87438807`
    * Lists all contact with phone matches keyword “87438807”

### Batch and Range Commands

> ### Fetch contacts by Condition Clause: `where/`

Reviewer: This should be the batch command instead.
```suggestion
### Operate on Contacts by Conditional Clause : `batch`
```

> If the given condition is satisfied, it returns a group of contacts

Reviewer: The if condition should be reversed, that is,
```suggestion
Returns contacts in the address book that match the given condition.
```

Format: `batch COMMAND where/CONDITION`

> * The commands include list, edit, delete

Reviewer: I suggest using a stricter language because the allowed commands are exhaustive.
```suggestion
* The allowed operations in `COMMAND` are
  * list
  * edit
  * delete
```

> * The condition is expressed using logical operators

Reviewer: I suggest making this clearer.
```suggestion
* The `CONDITION` field must conform to the following syntax: `TERM OP TERM`
  * Valid operators for the `OP` field are `>`, `<`, `=`, `!=`, `LIKE`
  * A `TERM` may be an attribute of a person or a constant value
```

  * `>`  (compare integer)
  * `<`  (compare integer)
  * `=` (compare integer or string value)
  * `LIKE`
    * `%`  wildcard start or ends with pattern
  * `NOT` Combines with other logical operators to perform negation

Examples:

> * `batch delete where/ n/NAME LIKE %a`

Reviewer: This will not work under the tokenizer system, `where/` will be empty.
```suggestion
* `batch delete where/name LIKE a%` Deletes all persons whose name start with a.
```

  * Lists all contacts name that start with letter “a”

> * `batch Edit p/87438806 where/ p/Phone = 87438807 `

Reviewer: `Edit` is case sensitive, unless you want to make it case-insensitive, then you should state it somewhere.

>     * edit contact with phone matches keyword 87438807 change to 87438806

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * Edit contact with phone matches keyword 87438807 change to 87438806
```
Note capitalization

> ### Index Range Actions: `from/` `to/`

Reviewer: Similarly, this should be the `range` command.
```suggestion
### Operate on Contacts within Range : `range`
```

Perform actions on a group of contacts

> Format: `range COMMAND from/INDEX to/INDEX`

Reviewer: This should be consistent with what you are saying below.
```suggestion
Format: `range COMMAND from/INDEX_FROM to/INDEX_TO`
```

> * Performs the specified COMMAND on all contacts between the specified range of `INDEX_FROM` to `INDEX_TO`

Reviewer: I suggest adding the list of commands that `COMMAND` can take.
```suggestion
* Performs the specified COMMAND on all contacts between the specified range of `INDEX_FROM` to `INDEX_TO`
* The allowed operations in `COMMAND` are
  * list
  * edit
  * delete
```

> * The INDEX parameter must be a **positive integer**, and refers to the index number shown in the **displayed contact list**

Reviewer: The parameter name should match with the other lines.
```suggestion
* The `INDEX_FROM` and `INDEX_TO` parameters must be **positive integers**, and refer to the index number shown in the **displayed contact list**
```

> * Both INDEX must be valid, and `INDEX_FROM` must be less than `INDEX_TO` must be supplied, otherwise the command will perform no operation

Reviewer: I think validity of `INDEX` follows from the previous line.
```suggestion
* `INDEX_FROM` must be less than `INDEX_TO` must be supplied, otherwise the command will perform no operation
```

* `COMMAND` must be a valid command

> * The Resultant effect of the command is dependent on the performed action

Reviewer: You should fix the random capitalization here.
```suggestion
* The resultant effect of the command is dependent on the performed action
```

Examples:
* `range edit e/johndoe@example.com from/6 to/10`

>     * Edits the 6th to 10th contacts in the Address Book to the email of johndoe@example.com

Reviewer: I feel that phrasing here is very strange.
```suggestion
    * Sets the email address of the 6th to 10th contacts in the address book to `johndoe@example.com`
```

* `range delete from/2 to/3`
    * Deletes the 2nd and 3rd contacts in the Address Book

### Chained command actions: `&&`

Perform actions on a group of contacts

Format: `COMMAND_A && COMMAND_B`

* Call multiple commands

> * Syntax of `COMMAND` provided must be correct

Reviewer: The parameter name should match what is above.
```suggestion
* The syntax of `COMMAND_A` and `COMMAND_B` must be correct
```

> * At least **Two** index must be supplied, otherwise the command will perform no operation

Reviewer: This statement is probably wrong because it does not make sense in this context.
```suggestion
* A valid command must be supplied before and after the `&&` operator, otherwise the command will fail
```

Examples:
* `editAppointment 6 l/360 && listAppointments`

>     * Edits the 6th to 10th appointment in the list of appointments to have a duration of 6 hours. Then list all appointments in the Schedule

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * Edits the 6th to 10th appointments in the list of appointments to have a duration of 6 hours. Then list all appointments in the Schedule
```
Note grammar
